What is the file system?
    A hierarchal structure of folders and files

Why is understanding the file system important?
    It will allow for better organisation of filas
    and folders which will in turn make it easier to
    locate said files or folders. It will also help
    one become familiar learning how to locate files
    and folders.

What does the "pwd" command do?
    It stands for "print working directory" and
    shows the current working directory the user is in.

What does the "cd" command do?
    Stands for "change directory" and moves from
    the current directory into a user-specified
    folder/directory.

What is a relative file path?
    A file/folder path/location in relation to
    the location of a currently accessed file/folder.

What is an absolute file path?
    The entire or complete path to a currently accessed
    file/folder, meaning every directory to which the current
    file or folder is located.
    c:\users\user\python\python310

What does a single period mean in a file path?
    The currently accessed folder/directory

What does a double period mean in a file path?
    The parent folder/directory.

What is a version control system?
    A VCS is a system that tracks the history of changes
    that developers may make to collaborative projects.

What are the benefits of using version control systems?
    Previous versions of projects can be recovered at any time.
    Which changes were made, who made them, when they were made
    and why changes were needed can be reviewed, which increases
    team alignment when working independently. Also give each
    contributor a unified and consistent view of the project.
    Each individual also has a copy of the project in DVCSs.

What is a repository?
    An entire collection of files and folders for a single project.
    Also called a Git project.

What is the difference between Git and Github?
    Git is a distributed version control system (DVCS).
    Github hosts Git repositories and provides dev tools to help
    make coding projects much more convenient and easier.

What does the "git init" command do?
    Initialises a brand new Git repository and begins tracking
    an existing directory. It adds a hidden subfolder within
    the existing directory that houses the internal data
    structure required for version control.

What does the "git clone" command do?
    creates a local copy of a project that already exists
    remotely. The clone includes all the project's files, 
    history, and branches.

What does the "git add" command do?
    The first part of a 2-step process to include snapshots
    in the history of changes made to a project in an effort
    to track the changes made. This command performs the
    staging portion of this process.

What does the "git commit" command do?
    The second part of the 2-step process to include snapshots
    in the history of changes made to a project n an effort
    to track the changes made. This command takes a snapshot of
    the staged snapshot and saves it to the project history.

What does the "git status" command do?
    Shows the status of changes as untracked, modified, or staged.